### 1C Company Sales

### Introduction

The data for this project are daily historical sales of 1C Company, one of the largest Russian software firms. The task is to predict total sales for every product and store in the next month.

The list of shops and products slightly changes every month. So, creating a robust model that can handle such situations is part of the challenge.

### The database

The database contains daily historical data from January 2013 to October 2015. It is formed by the following tables:

* The table `sales` contains daily sales data. The fields are:

    + `date`, as yyyy-mm-dd.

    + `date_block_num`, a consecutive month number, used for convenience. January 2013 is 0, February 2013 is 1,..., October 2015 is 33.

    + `shop_id`, unique identifier of a shop.

    + `item_id`, unique identifier of a product.

    + `item_price`, current price of an item.

    + `item_cnt_day`, number of products sold that day.

* The table `items` contains supplemental information about the items/products. The fields are:

    + `item_name`, name of that product.

    + `item_id`, unique identifier of a product.

    + `item_category_id`, unique identifier of a product category.

* The table `item_categories` contains supplemental information about the product categories. The fields are:

    + `item_category_name`, name of a product category.

    + `item_category_id`, nique identifier of a product category.

* The table `shops` contains supplemental information about the shops. The fields are:

    + `shop_name`, name of a shop.

    + `shop_id`, unique identifier of a shop.

### Source

Kaggle.
